OBSDOCS-2307: Port the Log collection and forwarding chapter to 6.x (#94412)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/cluster-logging-collector-log-forward-kafka.adoc

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: observability.openshift.io/v1
kind: ClusterLogForwarder
metadata:
  name: <log_forwarder_name>
  namespace: <log_forwarder_namespace>
spec:
  serviceAccount: 
    name: <service_account_name> #<1>
  outputs:
   - name: kafka-output #<2>
     type: kafka #<3>
     kafka:
       authentication:
         sasl:

>            username:

Author: done

             key: <key>
             secretName: kafka-secret #<4>
       url: tls://kafka.example.devlab.com:9093/app-topic #<5>
       brokers: #<6>
         - tls://kafka-broker1.example.com:9093/

>          - tls://kafka-broker2.example.com:9093/

Reviewer: nit.  remove the trailing slash

       topic: #<7>
  pipelines:
    - name: app-topic 
      inputRefs: 
        - application
      outputRefs:
        - audit-logs
----

> <1> The name of your service account. The service account is only required in multi log forwarder implementations if the log forwarder is not deployed in the `openshift-logging` namespace.

Reviewer: This is incorrect, it is always required:

<1> The name of your service account.

<2> Specify a name for the output.
<3> Specify the `kafka` type.
<4> If you use a `tls` prefix in the URL, you must specify the name of the secret required by the endpoint for TLS communication.

> <5> Specify the URL and port of the Kafka broker as a valid absolute URL, optionally with a specific topic. You can use the `tcp` (insecure) or `tls` (secure TCP) protocol. If the cluster-wide proxy using the CIDR annotation is enabled, the output must be a server name or FQDN, not an IP address.

Reviewer 2: **optional:** Specify the URL and port of the Kafka broker as a valid absolute URL, optionally with a specific topic. You can use the `tcp` (insecure) or `tls` (secure TCP) protocol. If the cluster-wide proxy using the CIDR annotation is enabled, the output must be a server name or FQDN, not an IP address.
**You must specify either URL or Brokers.**

<6> Optionally, specify the list of broker endpoints of a Kafka cluster.  

> <7> Specify the target topic. By default, the value for the field is `topic`. The topic name can be a combination of static and dynamic values consisting of field paths separated by "||". Encase dynamic values in single curly brackets "{}". Dynamic values must be followed by a static fallback value.

Author: updated with modification

  name: <log_forwarder_name>
  namespace: <log_forwarder_namespace>
spec:
  serviceAccount: 
    name: <service_account_name> # <1>
  outputs:
   - name: kafka-output # <2>
     type: kafka # <3>
     kafka:
       authentication:
         sasl:
           username:
             key: <key>
             secretName: kafka-secret # <4>
           password:
            key: <key>
            secretName:  kafka-secret
           mechanism: <sasl_mechanism> # <5>
       url: tls://kafka.example.devlab.com:9093/app-topic # <6>
       brokers: # <7>
         - tls://kafka-broker1.example.com:9093
         - tls://kafka-broker2.example.com:9093
       topic: # <8>
  pipelines:
    - name: app-topic 
      inputRefs: 
        - application
      outputRefs:
        - kafka-output
----
<1> Specify the name of your service account.
<2> Specify a name for the output.
<3> Specify the `kafka` type.
<4> If you use a `tls` prefix in the URL, you must specify the name of the secret required by the endpoint for TLS communication.
<5> Specify the Simple Authentication and Security Layer (SASL) mechanism to use. For example, `SCRAM-SHA-256`,`SCRAM-SHA-512`, or `PLAIN`. The default value is `PLAIN`.

> <6> Optional: Specify the URL and port of the Kafka broker as a valid absolute URL, optionally with a specific topic. You can use the `tcp` (insecure) or `tls` (secure TCP) protocol. If the cluster-wide proxy using the CIDR annotation is enabled, the output must be a server name or FQDN, not an IP address. You must specify either the URL or Kafka brokers.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
<6> Optional: Specify the URL and port of the Kafka broker as a valid absolute URL, optionally with a specific topic. You can use the `tcp` (insecure) or `tls` (secure TCP) protocol. If you enable the cluster-wide proxy using the CIDR annotation, the output must be a server name or FQDN, not an IP address. You must specify either the URL or Kafka brokers.
```
Passive voice.

Author: fixed

<7> Optional: Specify a list of broker endpoints of a Kafka cluster.  

> <8> Specify the target topic. By default, the value for the field is `topic`. The topic name can be a combination of static and dynamic values consisting of field paths separated by "||". Encase dynamic values in single curly brackets "{}". Dynamic values must be followed by a static fallback value. The topic specified here will override the topic defined in the `url` field.

Reviewer 3: Avoid using "will".

Author: done
